Fuck you subscribers if you're dumb enough to donate money to strangers on the internet
You're a big enough cuck to donate to amp lemons patreon bad deals spirals that point down memes
If you think funding my patreon will make me work harder than you can kiss my ass
It's my belief that you're such a stupid motherfucker who'll fall for this bullshit
Guaranteed if you find a better youtuber shove them up your ugly ass you heard me
Shut them up your ugly ass bring your paypal bring your bitcoins bring your mom's credit card. I'll waste it. That's right
I'll waste your money because at amp lemons you're fucked six ways from sos day
Take a hike to amp lemons patreon home of challenge shit posting. That's right howling shit posting
How does it work if you can spam six cancerous means in the comments below you have no brain cells don't wait
Don't delay don't fuck with me or I'll release another video complaining about frying dory only at amp lemons the only youtuber that tells you
To unsubscribe hurry up asshole this abandons the minute after your payment goes through and you better not cancel
You're a blocked motherfucker go to hell
I'm lemons patreon the internet shittiest and exclusive home of the stupidest son of a bitch on the side of YouTube
guaranteed
But wait I'm not done yet
Just when you thought the spiral couldn't get any more downward my content has sunk to the lowest depths of the internet introducing the amp
lemon subreddit
Are you an opinionated argumentative prick who loves nitpicking the most benign and irrelevant aspects of every single solitary topic and reddit is the site
For you are you so insecure about your intelligence that you need to be constantly validated by a small virtual score next to your name
Reddit is the site for you
Do you love enclosing yourself in an echo chamber of like-minded?
Clones who will polarize group opinions to the point where you're suffocating in an inhospitable circle jerk of toxicity
You just love unapologetically shitposting will come on down to slash our slash and for a lemon where that's basically all we do and it's not
Completely dead and get spammed fucked by the most forced and stale mean you'll see on this side of the web
guaranteed
But wait, it's not over yet, it's never over we're reaching levels of sellout that shouldn't even be possible
I'm now forcing my meme so hard that they've compressed into a singularity and are now consuming everything in their path introducing amp lemon t-shirts
Have you ever wanted to adorn your favorite implement means on a cheaply printed piece of fabric?
No, well too bad asshole enough isn't enough featuring your favorite implement means downward spiral. It's never over downward spiral
You can wear implement t-shirts and be ignored at parties be ignored at concerts be ignored in class don't want to be ignored
Well, fuck you. Now, you know how I feel after every video I've uploaded since 2014
I'm more washed up than New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina
So go ahead buy a t-shirt and help prolong the slow agonizing death of the most pathetic content anus on the side of YouTube
guarantee